hey everyone okay so today I'm going to
be showing you how to do pot a covergirl
eyeshadow quad and this one is in
tropical fusion and so the first thing
you'll need is the eyeshadow and a
paring knife rubbing alcohol I just have
a cap full of my dollar store good ole
rubbing alcohol only a buck just as the
others so first thing we'll do is open
up your eyeshadow and you'll remove your
little sponge tip applicator and then
you're going to examine your eyeshadows
alright so when you're looking at your
eyeshadow you're just going to want to
look to see if there's any gaps those
gaps are where your knife is going to
fit so see on the edges up here and
right there and the I shows are kind of
a diva because I just use glue so what
we'll do is we're going to take our
paring knife and we're just going to dip
it we're not actually putting alcohol in
it we're just putting it on the knife
that way when we're working through the
glue we're not trying to cut glue with a
dry knife so what we'll do is go into
that little crevice with our knife and
we're going to pry the eyeshadow up and
as we go through the eye shadow will
stick to the knife and because of the
eyeshadow I mean the glue we can just
cut right through with the rubbing
alcohol so I artery to pot it three and
we're really on to the final one same
thing you just move to the little
crevice go ahead and cry up and it'll
come up with ease and because of the
rubbing alcohol you'll just be able to
cut right through that glue and tada
your eyeshadow is completely to pot it
and you can put those in your palate and
that way you don't have the bulky
containers so I hope this has helped and
good luck you guys I guess check out the
blog okay bye